(upbeat music plays)
- [Instructor] So now that you've had some time
to implement this challenge,
I want to show you my solution to this problem.
I'm going to open up my IDE here and in source main Java
and our base package, I've created a couple files.
So let's start with our order file.
Let's close this so we can have a little bit
more real estate.
So what you'll see here is I created an order object
that implements the data transfer object interface,
and I've got my customer information,
my sales person information.
I've also got the order specific information,
such as the creation date and the due date, the status.
And then I have a list of order lines.
One of the things that I added to this object,
was I went ahead and put a to string on it,
so I can print this information out.
Let's take a look at our order line object itself,
and we'll shrink this back down.
So now on the order line,
you'll notice this time I did not implement the DTO
and that's because this is a sub object
that doesn't have its own DAO itself.
On this, I have the quantity which comes from the order line
or the order item table.
I also have all of the product information.
Remember it was a one-to-one relationship between those two.
So all of our product information is also shown here.
So now let's go to the actual working method
that we're dealing with and that's in our DAO.
So I took that query that I gave you and put all of that
into a string called get by ID.
So now let's take a look at the find by ID method.
Now you'll see,
I created an order on line 29
and then as we've done so many times before,
I do a try with resources and create my prepared statement.
Now you may take a look at line 36.
So if order ID equals zero,
what I'm doing here is I'm putting in a guard
so that I don't update the same data
on the object multiple times.
In reality, it's not going to impact the runtime that much,
but there's no real reason for me to update it more
than once, because there are order level details,
and then there are order line details.
And because everything comes in as an order ID,
a single value comes out and that's the primary key.
I don't have to worry about iterating over it.
So this just gives me a guard
so that I don't thrash the customer first name
and last name and email, et cetera, et cetera.
So I go ahead and I set all of those order details only once
in this guard condition.
So let's take a look at line 41.
Now here, I set my guard equal to the value
that came in from the result set.
So in doing this,
I can ensure that I don't thrash over this,
over and over again.
Again, that's just the whole purpose of this guard.
So now let's go below that guard
and this is where I'm actually setting all
of my order line information.
Now, what I'm doing here is,
I'm setting the order line information
and I'm adding it to a parent array.
So then when I get out of the result set,
I set that array on the order object on line 59,
and this allows me to populate the order
and the order items or the order lines
in a way that I get the values completely out
of the result set.
And then I simply return the order.
Now, the final thing that I did was in the JDBC executer,
I went ahead and actually pulled an order out
and I pulled the first order out.
That's 1000 and let's go ahead and run that.
So you'll see that I get an order of 1000.
This is for Angela Crawford.
There's her email, there's the creation date,
the total due and the status, the salesperson,
the salesperson last name, email address.
Now look, we actually get into our order lines
and each order line is specified in my output.
So there's an order line for mineral water,
cranberry flavored,
and then there's an order for mineral water,
lemon lime flavored.
And that's how we actually spit out.
So if you did the raw database query,
you would've gotten two tuples out or two rows.
Each of those corresponding to an order line
because of the product.
So by iterating over that order line,
we got one value out and that's what you should get,
if you execute this method the same way.